Subject: Partnership Opportunity with Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship - University of Cincinnati Formula Racing Team

Dear Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship Team,

I hope this email finds you well. My name is Amaan Bilwar, and I am Powertrain & Business Team Member with the University of Cincinnati Formula Racing Team.

About Our Team:
We are the University of Cincinnati's SAE Racing Teams.

FSAE and Baja SAE is a collegiate design competition sanctioned by the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) for student members. It is open to any full or part-time student enrolled in a degree seeking program at the University of Cincinnati. The competition challenges students to fund, design, build, test, and race a formula-style racecar or a Baja-style racecar.

The competition provides students with practical design and manufacturing experience while challenging them to use their acquired knowledge, work as a team, and apply creativity to complete the project. The cars are designed and built in a team effort over an acadimic year and then taken to annual competitions to compete against over 120 other colleges and universities worldwide. The overall experience gained through the FSAE and Baja SAE competitions is a valuable asset for students transitioning from the academic setting into professional careers.

About the University of Cincinnati:
The University of Cincinnati offers students a balance of educational excellence and real-world experience.

UC is a public research university with an enrollment of over 53,000 students and is ranked No. 4 in the nation for co-ops and internships by U.S. News & World Report (No. 1 among public institutions). Powered by a total annual FY23 budget of $1.656 billion and an endowment of $1.8 billion (among the top 25 public universities in the U.S., and 79th largest in U.S. and Canada), UC has a regional economic impact of $10.6 billion – and statewide, UC increases the economic base by $22.7 billion. 

Today, more than 350,000 living alumni count themselves as Bearcats — united not just by their loyalty to our nationally known sports teams, but by their common love of the place, the people and the ideas that make up the University of Cincinnati.

About Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship:
Garrett's Collegiate Design Series sponsorship is available to colleges and universities that compete in any of the Formula SAE or Formula Student events ...

We are reaching out to explore potential partnership opportunities with Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship. Your company's commitment to Working on a tight budget always opens our team to newer and never thought of solutiosns of problems which we think is what sets us apart. aligns perfectly with our team's mission to .

As a potential sponsor, you would have the opportunity to:

We would welcome the opportunity to discuss how a partnership could benefit both our team and Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship. Would you be available for a brief call or meeting to discuss this further?

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Best regards,
Amaan Bilwar
University of Cincinnati Formula Racing Team
bilwarad@mail.uc.edu
+15137997001

P.S. You can learn more about our team at https://www.bearcatmotorsports.org/ and about Formula SAE and Formula Student Sponsorship at https://www.garrettmotion.com/careers/graduates-students/formula-sae-and-formula-student-sponsorship/.
